# Message-for-psychiatry
A message for psychiatry.

Psychiatrists and psychiatric medication are useless to me. I tried maybe 20 different psychiatric drugs and 6 different psychologists in my quest to try to get a girlfriend and it never worked. Maybe fifteen years of trying and no girlfriend. Now I'm on an anti-manic drug, Abilify, where anger is a symptom of mania, and I feel (on 11/3/2024) more anger for no apparent reason than I've ever felt in my life. Also, Abilify is also supposed to prevent involuntarily tics and I've been having those anyway. In the past I tried three different antidepressants while depressed and none of them worked and then I went off all antidepressants and then my depression went away. If over-the-counter drugs worked as well as psychiatric drugs, nobody would take over-the-counter drugs. They would be considered trash medicine.

Also, just because B happens after A doesn't mean that A caused B. If the stock market went up after you heard lightning strike, that doesn't mean that the lightning striking caused the stock market to go up. Even if I took an antidepressant and then my depression went away, that doesn't prove anything because my depression might have gone away in the same amount of time on its own. Effects have to be REPEATABLE. If the stock market went up after every single time lightning struck, then yeah, maybe the lightning is somehow affecting the stock market. Likewise, the effects of a psychiatric drug on an individual have the to be REPEATABLE to prove anything. If after every single time I went on Prozac for a month my mood experienced a boost, then yeah, maybe the Prozac is doing it, but something that happens once, an anecdote, proves NOTHING. I have ZERO EVIDENCE of psychiatric drugs solving my problems or helping me. What I do have evidence of is them costing money.

I have experienced all sorts of neurological symptoms which change all the time and I have no way of knowing which symptoms I experience are caused by or connected to the Abilify and which are not. Maybe I have some rare unexplained neurological disorder. In order to separate out the effects of the Abilify from the potential neurological effects of the potential neurological condition, I have to go off the Abilify for some time, then go on it again, and see which effects repeat and which ones don't. This is called an A-B-A-B test, which represents an attempt to measure a baseline (the first A, no meds), a treatment measurement (the first B, Abilify), the withdrawal of treatment (the second A, no meds again), and the re-introduction of treatment (the second B, Abilify again). My last Abilify injection will be on November 11th 2024. I will measure what happens when the Abilify fully exits my body, some time around March 2025. Then I will go back on Abilify around October 2025 and measure what effects repeat from the first time going on Abilify to the second. I will do this and my mind cannot be changed.
